docs: heater-shaker instruction manual (#19103)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/heater-shaker/docs/preinstall.md

---
title: "Heater-Shaker Module: Before You Begin"
---

# Before You Begin

Review this section for important information about deck placement, alignment, and anchor adjustments for the Heater-Shaker.

## Flex Caddies

> When used with a Flex robot, the Heater-Shaker fits into a caddy that occupies space below the deck. The caddy places your labware closer to the deck surface and allows for below-deck cable routing. See the Caddies section in Chapter 4 of the Flex Instruction Manual for more information.

Reviewer: Also linkable!
```suggestion
When used with a Flex robot, the Heater-Shaker fits into a caddy that occupies space below the deck. The caddy places your labware closer to the deck surface and allows for below-deck cable routing. See the [Caddies section](../flex/modules/caddy.md) of the Flex Instruction Manual for more information.
```

Author: Thanks for the link!
